X - Vanguard National Trailer Corp

Wednesday, April 2, 2025
9:32 AM

 
 
	Needed Information/Notepad:
	Called and left VM on 04/02
	Met with Jeff Sanderson on 04/04
	Meeting with Hylant in person on 04/16

	Loss Runs: 
	 
	Effective Date: 07/01/2025
	 
	Class Fit 
	SIC CODE: 3715
	NAICS Code / Description:  3362
	MFL Fire Line / Hazard Grade:
	Paydex Score:
	Financial Stress Score:
	Appetite: Restricted/Special Approval

	
	 
	Domiciled State: IN
	Ancillary States: 
	 
	Opportunity:
	 
	Attached is a monoline property submission for the above-named insured effective 7/1/2025.  We are the current broker and coverage is written through a wholesaler on a layered program for the property.  We are hoping to place coverage with one carrier and eliminate the layered program this year.  The expiring premium is approximately $322,000.  Attachments include the application, SOV, and loss runs.  Please include equipment breakdown and any “plus” endorsements that you have.  The insured does not purchase business income coverage.  The inventory is covered under a stock throughput policy.  
	 
	Vanguard National Trailer is a semi-trailer manufacturer with operations in Indiana and Georgia.  They also have two warehouse locations in Oregon and North Carolina. Their website is www.vanguardtrailer.com.  There is no woodworking, no dust or combustible materials being used; only assembly and testing being done by hand tools.  It is a very clean facility. 
	 
	Please advise as soon as possible if you will need to loss control.  If so, please set these up with Jeff, the producer, and he will coordinate.  He is copied on this email. 
	 
	Please let us know of any questions or if you should need anything additional.  We are hoping that this is something you can quote for us.  If possible, we would like to have any quotes back to us no later than Friday, May 23.  Please let us know of any issues.  Thanks for taking a look at this!
	
	
	Prior Submissions:
	 
	Need by Date: 
	Quoted Date: 
	 
	Subjectivities/Due Dates:
	 
	Description of Operations: Trailer MFG
	What they do: 
	 
	Vanguard National Trailer is a semi-trailer manufacturer with operations in Indiana and Georgia.  They also have two warehouse locations in Oregon and North Carolina. Their website is www.vanguardtrailer.com. 
	
	 Vanguard National Trailer Corp. - Home
	 
	What they do not do: 
	There is no woodworking, no dust or combustible materials being used; only assembly and testing being done by hand tools.  It is a very clean facility. 
	 
	 
	Broker: Hylant - IN
		Pam Flory, CIC, CPIW, CLCS
		Senior Client Service Manager, Great Lakes Region
	www.hylant.com	P: (260) 969-3967
		F: (260) 969-3999
		E: pam.flory@hylant.com
	
	
	Industry Group: Manufacturing
	 
	
	Named Insured schedule:
	
	 
	Action Items: 
	Why are you marketing the account?  
	
	Does not need to be mono-line property, but the property is the pain point, 
	The program
	
	
	
	Finished inventory that is out in the open and currently a different program. 
	
	The pain is on the Shared and Layered program.,$20M loss limit. Deductible is $500,000 
	
	Steel buildings. 
	 
	Expiring Carrier? Convex and Kinsale and Great Lakes share the primary $10M
	 
	Who am I competing against? 
	Travelers is looking at it and a lot of work has been done to get the trailer submission (this one)
	
	Do you have any current loss control reports such as rec letters, sprinkler adequacy reports, etc. That you can share?
	Broker has offered to coordinate loss control for us. 
	No, anything that we would want. Starr, Sompo, Everest they all ask the same thing but nothing available. 
	 
	What are the issues that can drive the account to move?
	
	Casualty is with Marsh in a program. 
	Comp is with Sentry
	Other lines with various carriers. 
	
	Not buying BI coverage. 
	
	High retention strategy. These guys have a lot of liquid cash. They do around $500M in revenue. High volume account. Lots of redudancy. 
	
	How is your submission different from the expiring program?
	 
	When do you need this by?
	 
	If I meet your expectations will you move it?
	 
	Where are the other products and can I compete on them as well?
	 
	Requested Commission: 15%
	 
	Requested Payment Plan: Tend to be on Annual pay since they are in the wholesale market. 
	Hylant does a quarterly claim review with them. 
	Property frequency is low. 
Lots of WC claims and thus that is a big need. 
	
	Roughly a $.40 to $0.50 rate in the shared and layered E*S market. Some significant TIV changes expected. 
	So premium maybe more, but willing to accept a lower loss limit. 
