X - Czarnowski Display Service, Inc.

Monday, March 24, 2025
12:49 PM

 
 
	Needed Information/Notepad:
	Insufficient Risk Information provided. 
	Waiting on Loss Runs and SOV

	Loss Runs: 
	 
	Effective Date:  07/01/2025
	 
	Class Fit 
	SIC CODE: 
	NAICS Code / Description:  
	MFL Fire Line / Hazard Grade:
	Paydex Score:
	Financial Stress Score:
	Appetite:
	 
	Domiciled State: 
	Ancillary States: 
	 
	Opportunity: 
	 
	Prior Submissions:
	 
	Need by Date: 
	Quoted Date: 
	 
	Subjectivities/Due Dates:
	 
	Description of Operations: https://www.czarnowski.com/
	For over seven decades, Czarnowski has been designing and engineering stand out brand experiences for the world’s most forward-thinking brands.
	
	Whether it’s a web campaign meant to engage a community, an initiative fueled by social interaction and content, a proprietary event that generates brand enthusiasm or an exhibit for product demonstrations, our goal is always the same: to tell the best story in the most relevant way possible.
	
	From <https://www.czarnowski.com/> 
	
	
	
	
	What they do: 
	 
	 
	What they do not do: 
	 
	 
	Broker: 
	Thomas M. Wiedemann
	Account Executive
	CA License No. 0C36861 
	Alliant Specialty
	Alliant Insurance Services, Inc.
	353 N. Clark Street
	Chicago, Il 60654
	 
	T:  312.837.4470
	C: 312.560.6812
	E: Tom.Wiedemann@alliant.com
	 
	Alliant.com
	 
	 
	
	
	
	
	Industry Group: Manufacturer of displays for Expos, Vendor shows, Conventions as well as retail stores.  
	
	They design and build them, assemble them, tear them down, ship them to the site, reassemble them, tear them down and ship them back to disassemble and reuse. 
	
	Named Insured schedule: Lots of DBAs or Ltds
	 
	Action Items: 
	Why are you marketing the account? Property has not been marketed in a while, rate has continued to creep up. 
	
	Expiring Carrier? Travelers
	 
	Who am I competing against? Out to everybody who is appointed, not a lot of interest. 
	Zurich, Chubb, CNA Hartford
	
	Do you have any current loss control reports such as rec letters, sprinkler adequacy reports, etc. That you can share? None
	 
	What are the issues that can drive the account to move? Rate move
	 
	How is your submission different from the expiring program?  
	 
	When do you need this by? Trying to present mid-June.  Looking for something week 1 of June. 
	 
	If I meet your expectations will you move it?
	 
	Where are the other products and can I compete on them as well? Out already to market for the casualty, Narrowed down to two carriers, Hartford writes it now.  Claims sensitive with this insured. Does not want to work with Travelers on the casualty side. Likely the same on the property side. Will hire people for two weeks as temp labor. 
	 
	Requested Commission: 15% 
	 
	They build and assemble retail display buildings at a golf tournament type event. Temp entertainment or retail stores. 
	
	They need BR, Temporary installation floaters while at McCormick place etc. 
	
	Combined Inland Marine and BR coverage is at $2.5M 
	Temp Structures of $5M (likely don't need that much, but that is what they have now)
	Property in Transit $1M
	They do a lot of transit through Mayflower moving - But they want excess coverage
	
	Requested Payment Plan: Annual
	No special claims review or handling for the property.
	No risk controls services now. They have an outsourced risk control director.
	
	 
