Q - Incredible Pizza Co. Inc.

Tuesday, April 22, 2025
2:04 PM

 
 
	Needed Information/Notepad:
	Team always asks for 45 days. Trying to get it early so they can present early. 
	
PER DARIN
	Appreciate you sharing.  This thing would be WAY outside of our appetite. It’s basically a entertainment center, and oh, they have food available……lol
	 
	Unless you’re super excited about the Property monoline, I’d share the below program MGA contact and have them reach out directly to them to try and place.
	 
	Thanks, 
	 
	 
	
	
	

	Loss Runs: 
	 
	
	Effective Date:  07/01/2025
	 
	Class Fit 
	SIC CODE: 
	NAICS Code / Description:  
	MFL Fire Line / Hazard Grade:
	Paydex Score:
	Financial Stress Score:
	Appetite: 
	 
	Domiciled State: 
	Ancillary States: 
	 
	Opportunity: CNA writes it now. They are looking to move it from a them as it was written as a favor.
	 
	Prior Submissions: None
	 
	Need by Date:  05/19
	 Quotes are requested no later than 05/19/2025.
	
	Quoted Date: 
	 
	Subjectivities/Due Dates:
	 
	Description of Operations: Entertainment
	
	For additional information we encourage you to visit the Insured’s website at www.incrediblepizza.com
	
	Chuck E Cheese with some themed dining areas. 
	
	What they do: 
	 
	 
	What they do not do: 
	 
	 
	Broker: USI, Indiana. 
	CJ Mills Producer Phone: 260.435.4134 E-mail: cj.mills@usi.com Kala Anspach Account Manager Phone: 260.435.4108 E-mail: kala.anspach@usi.com 
	
	CJ Mills is the producer. 
	
	Kala is the account manager
	
	Leah is assisting in the property marketing attempt. 
	
	Industry Group: Hospitality - Food and Fun restaurant experience. 
	 
	Named Insured schedule:
	
	 
	Action Items: 
	Why are you marketing the account? Never made clear. Something about a favor was granted, but is stale now, probably a lot of ugly that we don't want. 
	 
	CJ was the underwriter on this account for 12 years. Specialty MGU (wrote the GL)
	Put them with Zurich; with24 hours of the policy being incepted, they had a loss.
	Moved it to CNA and Need this move to CNA more so as a favor to CJ and not cus they were the best fit. 
	Not a strong mono-line property carrier, they did it as a favor 
	
	Expiring Carrier? CNA
	CNA property
	Renaissance Specialty MGU - Writes the casualty GL/Excess
	Comp is accident fund
	
	These are good buildings, well protected; 
	
	CJ Mills Producer Phone: 260.435.4134 E-mail: cj.mills@usi.com Kala Anspach Account Manager Phone: 260.435.4108 E-mail: kala.anspach@usi.com 
	
	Who am I competing against?
	Is out to market. 
	
	Do you have any current loss control reports such as rec letters, sprinkler adequacy reports, etc. That you can share? None
	 
	What are the issues that can drive the account to move? None really, rate might be an issue
	Just trying to replace the coverage. 
	 
	How is your submission different from the expiring program? 
	No BRP coverage (values year over year are up slightly (BI increased) - BI worksheets. BPP 
	
	When do you need this by? 05/19
	 
	If I meet your expectations will you move it? Unclear
	 
	Where are the other products and can I compete on them as well? We don't want any other products
	 
	Requested Commission: 15% but they have a fee agreement with the client.
	Would like to see it with commission, and they may fee it out instead. 
	 
	Requested Payment Plan: Nothing unusual
	No formal property inspection on this. 
 